okay here's my problem my ps3 I've
changed the hard drive in now it's
telling me to do a system update but it
is stuck in the safe mode content Kinect
controller got one connected right there
get the PS button it says that now I've
tried going into the safe mode give me
one second I'm getting to it
okay hit the PS button again now I got
the safe mode now I've downloaded from
my PC to this USB flash let me open it
this USB flash plugging it in going to
restore file system hey yes
and now a black screen
can anybody help me out of this mess
it's telling me I need to do a 4.31
software update but I can't get to the
dashboard oh look there's a problem but
that screen and that is the screen I
always end on this is what it said now
I've got the us beam I'm going to hit
start and select says checking
and this is what it tells me can anybody
help me out of this mess